LIST OF QUESTIONS CONTAINING "miyamoto":
  -  Design time! Shigeru Miyamoto has personally paid you two bajillion dollars to design a Luigi-themed track for the next Mario kart game. What's it's layout? What does it look like? Does it have any gimmicks? 
  -  Shigeru Miyamoto is doing focus testing for sound track of the next Mario game and is asking YOU what your favorite songs from Super Mario Galaxy 1/2 are **THAT AREN'T GUSTY GARDEN GALAXY. What are they? 
  -  A dude who looks suspiciously similar to miyamoto with a mustache comes up to have you make your own nintendo switch bundle to release alongside the mario movie. whatcha including in it??? 
  -  Miyamoto smashes through your roof and performs a superhero landing in your living room. He's got a very important request for you: what should the next Yoshi <:yoshIDidIt:411281203266584587> game be like? Well, don't keep him waiting! 
  -  Miyamoto kicks down your door and forces you to cast a celebrity voice actor for Yoshi. Think fast!!! 
  -  Shigeru Miyamoto needs to put 8-bit Mario in the new Mario game, but he forgot what he looks like, and needs your help! Try to recreate the classic smb1 small Mario sprite entirely from memory, and then post it here! No cheating, or you will explode. 
  -  You get a call from an unknown number. It’s Miyamoto’s burner phone, whom tells you he is on the run from the IRS for not paying $73,000 in back taxes. He is now asking for your help, in exchange for an early copy of the next 3D Mario. What do you do? 
  -  Miyamoto has returned!!! Now he is asking you to add ONE brand new location to Isle Delfino for the upcoming Super Mario Sunshine remake he has forced Nintendo to greenlight. What new place are you adding? 
  -  ~~Miyamoto~~ Koizumi snuck into your home last night, and the only way to make him leave is to come up with a new flight power-up for a mainline Mario game. What would it look like? How would it work? 
  -  Miyamoto may have been defeated, but Bowser is still on the prowl. Which is your favorite Bowser fight? 
  -  You are walking alone in the desert, until in the distance you see him—Shigeru Miyamoto. Even from afar, his question reverberates clearly across the sands. “It you got to write your own Miyamoto-based Question of the Day, what would it be?” Before you can part your lips to answer, the man’s silhouette fades away into the auburn sky. You are alone once again. Yet still, the question creates a yearn, nay, _a command_ to be answered. So answer it, young questioneer. 
  -  Let’s say - and this is purely hypothetical - Miyamoto caught you playing Super Mario Brothers One Free Online and became an amorphous, all-consuming blob that has taken over your home and made it a new Nintendo headquarters. How do you get rid of him? Which funny Mario power-up would one need to procure to defeat him? This isn’t real, of course, just asking. For a friend. 
  -  Miyamoto has emerged from the strange gray goop puddle in your bathtub, the power goes out and the screams of the damned can be heard from outside. Who's your favorite Koopaling? 
  -  Miyamoto has crashed your family get-together. He really needs a favor- He needs $20. Now. Like, right now. Do you give it to him? 
  -  Knock knock... Its Miyamoto at your front door and he wants to ask you, which game series would you like in a future Mario crossover game. 
  -  You get a frantic email from Miyamoto saying you need to decide on one game to be greenlit by Nintendo now (like right now). He does not elaborate why. What are you going to have made, and which studio is making it? 
  -  Its 4AM on a monday and you receive an urgent phone call. Its Miyamoto, and he wants you to pick a Mario enemy to get its own game. Which one would you choose and what kind of game would it be? 
  -  A pigeon flies through your window carrying a letter from Miyamoto. It asks you to create a brand new **item** for the next Mario Kart game. What would you add? 
  -  Miyamoto is making you turn another character into a baby for the next Yoshi's Island game. Who is it? 
  -  Miyamoto himself calls you to let you recast Mario in the Illumination movie. It must be a celebrity actor. Who do you choose?
  -  Miyamoto shoots Mario Pinball Land from behind, and passes you the gun. Mario Pinball Land has already been taken care of - If you don’t shoot a Mario game dead right now, he will think you’re not cool enough to join his street gang. Which Mario game do you kill? If you pick Hotel Mario, Mario is Missing, or any of the edutainment games, he’ll call you lame and ride off with his motorcycle gang. 
  -  Shigeru Miyamoto is at long last reviving the Wario World name, creating a spinoff where the playable cast is the bosses of Wario World. What kind of game should it be? 
  -  With Waluigi dead, Miyamoto must ensure no one can ever attempt to revive him, and he demands your aid. What Mario items would you use to set traps around Waluigi's grave? 
  -  Miyamoto has gotten your phone number somehow and is calling you to make a new badge for the TTYD remake. What effect does your badge have and how much BP does it need? 
  -  Hey, it's Miyamoto again. He's stuck in a hole, like a _really_ deep hole. Why? Don't worry about it. Instead, worry about how you're going to get him out! Leaving him stuck in there is not an option. 
  -  You find yourself on a plane and sat next to you is--who else--Miyamoto! He says he'll give you a sneak peak at the top secret Mario minifigures in his briefcase, but only if you can help him come up with another line of enemy blindbags they can release. What are you putting in this wave (~8 characters)? 
  -  Miyamoto lunges out at you wearing a sheet ghost costume. Spooky! Turns out, all he wants to know is "what are you dressing up as for Halloween"? 
  -  A mysterious man wearing what is clearly a fake mask of Miyamoto's face bumps past you on the sidewalk. While you think nothing of it at first, you realize he left a mysterious envelope in your pocket... with your name on it. Throwing away your sense of caution and unsealing it, you find the following messaged enclosed:

> What shall be the next Mario Kart game in order to differentiate it from Mario Kart 8 Deluxe.? Hard mode... you cannot take anything from Mario Kart Tour for this question...
> - The Mario Monks 
  -  You notice a crumpled up piece of paper on the street. Suddenly, it unfolds itself to reveal Paper Shigeru Miyamoto! He wants to know; what new arts and crafts theme should the next Yoshi game use? 
  -  You hear another knock at the door, a bit wearier this time, you open it to find... still not Miyamoto... Naoki Yoshida from Square Enix?! **Square is making a sequel to Mario Sports Mix, but needs some fresh ideas on what to do with it. **Anything you have in mind??? 
  -  You hear a knock at the door again. Before you're even able to answer it, Miyamoto kicks down the door, grabs you by the collar, and pulls you in close. He says "You're making a sequel to Mario Pinball Land. You have no other options. Whats it going to be like?" 
  -  Chain-smoking Miyamoto from the 90s in an alternate dimension where Mario fell through on being Nintendo's mascot steps out of a time machine that lands in front of you, demanding you to create a new mascot platformer that'll skyrocket the company to success. What is your idea for it? 
  -  miyamoto with a voice filter to make him sound like tim sweeney called: who are u adding to fortnite? (dont say mario thats boring) 
  -  Miyamoto is making Donkey Kong 64 HD just for you!! But he wants to add a new collectible to the game...what should he add? 
  -  Miyamoto and Jared Leto have teamed up to kidnap you and take you to a secret warehouse in Sony's studio lot, where you're being forced to choose a D-list Spiderman character to make a $300 million movie out of. Which do you choose?????? El Muerto is already taken sorry. 
  -  You find yourself skydiving with Miyamoto, and once you two are in freefall, you a captive audience, he asks an important question: "For $30, would you change history and make it so FLUDD remains dead at the end of Mario Sunshine?" This will factor into the server morality test next month. 
  -  While you wander the endless graveyard, a corpse suddenly springs out of the ground and shambles towards you. It's the cancelled Wii sequel to Dance Dance Revolution: Mario Mix (as discovered in the 2020 Gigaleak)!!! Miyamoto in full zombie-fighting gear comes in from somewhere(??) and subdues the cancelled game, and tells you the only way to put it down permanently is to construct what you think the game should've been like had it actually released. I don't know how that works, but sure, what's your ideas for DDR Mario Mix 2? 
  -  To lead up to the big event… what is your favorite “Miyamoto moment”? 
  -  What is your favorite photo of Miyamoto? 
  -  This is Miyamoto. I had a great time answering all your questions, 1-Up World. You’ve given me a great perspective on the western Mario fandom. I have one last question for all of you: What is your favorite memory with my son: Captain Olimar? 
  -  This is Miyamoto. I had a great time answering all your questions, 1-Up World. You’ve given me a great perspective on the western Mario fandom. I have one last question for all of you: What is your favorite memory with my son: Captain Olimar? 
  -  What would you do if you got into an accident and Shigeru Miyamoto was the only available blood donor? 
  -  Miyamoto has been has been gone for a while… that’s why Takashi Tekuza is forcing you to answer his questions instead! What minigame from New Super Mario Bros/Super Mario 64 DS would you spin into a full fledged game?

Hard Mode: Don’t say the Luigi card games 